feat(web3js-plugin): docs (#86)
zksync-sdk/sdk-docs: content/10.js/01.web3js/04.wallet.md

---
title: Wallet
description: Wallet capabilities from the Web3.js plugin for ZKsync
tags: ["zksync", "sdks", "zksync era sdk", "ethereum", "era network", "web3.js", "web3.js plugin", "accounts", "account management", "wallet", "transaction signing"]
---

The Web3.js plugin for ZKsync exposes a [wallet](https://chainsafe.github.io/web3-plugin-zksync/classes/ZKsyncWallet.html)
that allows developers to create, manage, and use ZKsync accounts.

## Create a Wallet

> Once the Web3.js plugin for ZKsync has been [registered](./01.getting-started.md#register-the-plugin), it can be used to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the Web3.js plugin for ZKsync has been [registered](/js/web3js/getting-started#register-the-plugin), it can be used to
```

```ts
import { TransactionReceipt, utils, Web3 } from "web3";
import {
  constants,
  types,
  Web3ZKsyncL2,
  ZKsyncPlugin,
  ZKsyncWallet,
} from "web3-plugin-zksync";

async function main() {
  const web3: Web3 = new Web3(/* optional L1 provider */);
  web3.registerPlugin(
    new ZKsyncPlugin(
      Web3ZKsyncL2.initWithDefaultProvider(types.Network.Sepolia),
    ),
  );
  const zksync: ZKsyncPlugin = web3.ZKsync;

  const PRIVATE_KEY: string = "<PRIVATE_KEY>";
  const wallet: ZKsyncWallet = new zksync.Wallet(PRIVATE_KEY);
  const senderL1BeginningBalance: bigint = await wallet.getBalanceL1();

  const receiver: string = "<RECEIVER_ADDRESS>";
  const receiverL2BeginningBalance: bigint =
    await zksync.L2.getBalance(receiver);

  const tx: types.PriorityOpResponse = await wallet.deposit({
    token: constants.ETH_ADDRESS,
    to: receiver,
    amount: utils.toWei("0.00020", "ether"),
    refundRecipient: wallet.getAddress(),
  });

  const receipt: TransactionReceipt = await tx.waitFinalize();
  console.log("Transaction Hash:", receipt.transactionHash);

  console.log(
    "Sender Change In L1 Balance:",

>     (await wallet.getBalanceL1()) - senderL1BeginningBalance,

Reviewer: Just curious, will this still work if there is no L1 provider defined in the `new Web3()`?

Author: Thank you for catching that 🙏🏻 I have updated the necessary examples to include an L1 provider.
